## MVP Questions

In our Property Tracker application:

Q1. Where are we instantiating instances of the `Property` class?

    console.rb - lines 6, 15, 24

Q2. Where are we defining the SQL that enables us to save the ruby `Property` object into the database?

    property.rb - lines 18 - 29

Q3. In `console.rb`, which lines modify the database?

    Lines 4, 13, 22, 31, 33

Q4. Why do we not define the id of a `Property` object at the point we instantiate it (‘new it up’)?

    We want the database to assign the id for us.

Q5. Where and how do we assign the id (that is generated by the database) to the ruby `Property` object?

    property.rb - line 32
    Assigned in the database when saved.

Q6. Why do we put a guard (an `if` clause) on the `@id` attribute in the constructor?

    We want any updates we make to keep the same id number.

Q7. Why are some of the CRUD actions represented by instance methods, and others by class methods?

    Depending on if we want to provide functionality to the class itself or just one instance of a class.

Q8. What type of data structure is returned by calls to `db.exec_prepared()`? In the `save` method, how do we access the id from the returned data structure?

    PG Result Object (sort of like an array of hashes)

Q9. Why do we use prepared statements when performing database operations?

    Efficiency. Protect against SQL injection.

## Extension Questions

Look at the `find_by_id` and `find_by_address` methods in the `Property` class.

Q10. What do they take in as their arguments?

find_by_id takes in find ("SELECT * FROM properties WHERE id = $1") and values
find_by_address takes in find_by_address ("SELECT * from properties WHERE address = $1") and values

Q11. What are their return values?

find_by_id returns property2
find_by_address returns property3
